---
title: Post 0 - Hello
categories:
   - meta
tags:
   - welcome
---

## Welcome

Ever since I ([who?](/about/)) made a Club Penguin blog as a kid, I've wanted to make a personal blog. But I worried about what I would write and whether it would be useful.

Because those things **don't matter** and I have some time today, I decided to make the blog I always dreamed about. A place where I can write long-form thoughts about the things that interest me. 

A place where I don't have to worry about filtering my opinions, not because authenticity is important, but because I've set up a metaphysical barrier that prevents anyone who disagrees with me from entering.

Now that only the *right* people are reading, let's get started.

## Content Types

Over time, I will fill this space with different kinds of content, including:

* pretentious thinkpieces
* tutorials/walkthroughs
* devlogs
* life updates
* fiction?
* unhinged polemics

These posts may be about all kinds of things - I hack, make music, play games, develop personal projects, take pictures...

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/waterfall.jpg" alt="Beautiful image" caption="I've never been here. This is from Pixabay." %}

## Topic Ideas

Some things I've considered writing about include: 

How to make a blog, the difference between ease and simplicity, the relationship between bike infrastructure and hacking, running Dirtywave M8 firmware headless on a PiBoy DMG, Compiz and my personal history with Linux, <sub>markdown / why WYSIWYG is a crime, Panic's Playdate and the importance of indie gaming, analog vs software synthesis, <sub>how to use Ableton, a MIDI primer, setting up the world's most adorable server cluster with Raspberry Pis, how to access any computer from anywhere, <sub>why you're doing passwords wrong, the inability to eliminate the human factor from cybersecurity, <sub>game development patterns, <sub>how people interact with cats incorrectly, <sub>your incredible eyesight.</sub></sub></sub></sub></sub></sub>

Slide in my DMs to let me know if any of those speak to you.

## Closing

Thank you for coming, please sign up for the mailing list (working on it) and/or [RSS feed](/feed.xml).  